Name: Eunsung Kim, 251275156

Part 1: Files
    1. The command "echo *" can be used as a replacement of ls. This command works 
    because echo is used to print out the input command after the echo in the terminal,
    but when it is used with the asterisk (*), it is used as a wildcard and allows 
    echo to display all the directories and files in the current directory.

    2. rm -i prompts you before a deleting a file or directory. 
    rm -f ensures to not be prompted.
    If they are used simultaneously, the one that comes later, takes the precedence.

    3. rename command is specifically used for renaming files, but it can rename multiple
    files at once. 
    mv command's major function is to use is to move files and directories' location, 
    but it also can be used to rename files and back them up.

    4. In this context, ELF stands for Executable and Linkable Format, which is 
    a standard file format used by executable files, for storing binaries, libraries,
    and core dumps on disks. 

    5. ls -l command displays the file size of 0 because it checks the contnent of the
    file, whereas du command estimates file space usage, which is the file's actual 
    disk space, so it shows file size of 1.

Part 2: Directories
    1. mkdir -p grandparent/parent/child

    2. To create a directory with a space in it, put the name of the directory with 
    spaces inside of quotation marks. For example:
        mkdir "a a"
    This is the same for removing:
        remdir "a a"

    3. mkdir -m 500 filename

    4. cd -

    5. dirs -v to check the levels of stack and determine which folder is the 6th one.
    pushd +6 to cd to the 6th folder in the stack.

Part 3: Permissions
    1. chmod -v, which is the flag for verbose, should be added to chmod to print out 
    the modifications being made. 

    2. chown --reference=file1 file2

    3. stat -c "%A %U %G" filename

    4. Set file permission: chmod g=w filename
    Then, set the directory of the file permission for group to only executable: 
    chmod g=x directoryname

    5. The command without u/g/o/a are applied to all user, group and others.
    For example, chmod +x <filename> is the same as chmod a+x <filename>.